General: reference problem./ 

Abstrast: 
no remark that the software was tested and validated in the retina. Put one. 

Introduction
line 27 Details of similar existing packages are discussed later in detail. 
Not clear what is the problem, why a new software is needed. Detail, advantage, shorcomings. 

line 57 section 2 should be noted, Check reference accuracy. 
Mention the validation results, eventually in the Conclusions (5?).
Sec 5 finally concludes, this should be the last. Not further results at the end. 

65: write that will be discussed, as well as their applications, later. 
Hhy do they appear here. 
TENSION, SOMETHING MISSING HERE or put it later, to around 120 ***
79 In the following, we present....

120 ...to our knowledge, outstanding. (not unique).
Existing light-stimulus solutions.... for TITLE, not only solutions. 

figure 4 explain in detail, reference in text needed. 
137 shader: reference or better explain. 
more references are need to the computational part

168-169
Rephrase or delete speculative senmtence. 
Negatively phrased ... this library can unlimitedly be broaden. 

195 prerequisite is forgotten and not realized what is ist. See fig 1 or sg like this. 
Explain, reference to the figure. Simirlar 201, core drawing. 


202: what is "figure", not the best name for it. 

240 not chessboard, checkerboard. change generically. 

FIGURE2 hanging out here. Put it where we discuss its feature. 

fig 4 should be explained, referred in the text. 

USING GEARS a new modified title would be needed, .... software sg. 

fig5 should be explained. Suggesting one horizontal frame incl. user role frame. 
Fig. 5. does not appear in the text. this should be done. 


4.5
538, 539 too much detail the RGC. Not to restrict to retina. MUCH BROADER. 
rec fields retina, lgn,. cortex, everything center-surround structure. 
Probe mecican hat, use simple stim, among others. 
Maybe start with a psychophys system.


4.5.2. Moving shapes and oriented shapes is a better title. 

626: xor shift better: "just novel pseudo...."
Victor-shapely papaer, which features. refer. 















